add guidance regarding resource request/limit sizing (#193)
aws/aws-eks-best-practices: content/reliability/docs/dataplane.md

It is a best practice to implement CPU and memory limits for all containers as it prevents a container inadvertently consuming system resources impacting the availability of other co-located processes.

### Configure and Size Resource Requests/Limits for all Workloads

Some general guidance can be applied to sizing resource requests and limits for workloads:

- Do not specify resource limits on CPU.  In the absence of limits, the request acts as a weight on [how much relative CPU time containers get](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#how-pods-with-resource-limits-are-run). This allows your workloads to use the full CPU without an artificial limit or starvation.

- For non-CPU resources, configuring `requests`=`limits` provides the most predictable behavior. If `requests`!=`limits`, the container also has its [QOS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/#qos-classes) reduced from Guaranteed to Burstable making it more likely to be evicted in the event of [node pressure](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/node-pressure-eviction/).

> - For non-CPU resources, do not specify a limit that is much larger than request.  The larger `limits` are configured relative to `requests`, the more likely nodes will be overcommitted leading to high chances of workload interruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For non-CPU resources, do not specify a limit that is much larger than the request.  The larger `limits` are configured relative to `requests`, the more likely nodes will be overcommitted leading to high chances of workload interruption.
- ```

> - Correctly sized requests are particularly important when using an autos-scaling solution like [Karpenter](/karpenter/) or [Cluster AutoScaler](/cluster-autoscaling).  These tools look at your workload requests to determine the number and size of nodes to be provisioned. If your requests are too small with larger limits, you may find your workloads being evicted or OOM killed if they have been tightly packed on a node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correctly sized requests are particularly important when using a node auto-scaling solution like [Karpenter](/karpenter/) or [Cluster AutoScaler](/cluster-autoscaling).  These tools look at your workload requests to determine the number and size of nodes to be provisioned. If your requests are too small, with larger limits, you may find your workloads evicted or OOM killed if they have been tightly packed on a node.
```

> Determining resource requests can be difficult, but tools like the [Vertical Pod Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler) can help you 'right-size' the requests by observing container resource usage at runtime.

Reviewer: might be useful to link this? https://mhausenblas.info/right-size-guide/

Author: I may leave it off for now, VPA seems to be the standard way to do this, but RSG does look neat.

Reviewer 2: Continuous profiling with a tool such a [Prodfiler](https://prodfiler.com/) or [Parca](https://www.parca.dev/) is better than RSG. I'm fine with mentioning these options or [Goldilocks](https://github.com/FairwindsOps/goldilocks) which is a nice UI for VPA.

Reviewer 2: @tzneal Are you going to link to this updated guidance in the Karpenter guidance?

Author: Good call, I added a link back and just listed all of the tools mentioned. Happy to rework the wording if there are any suggestions.
